[MUSIC]
In this specialization we're going
to use a number of Python tools that
really help us get started
with machine learning, and
build applications that
really scale to lots of data.
One of them is called SFrames,
which is a really scalable data structure
for dealing with big tables of data.
It doesn't have to fit in memory, it goes
into the disk of your computer and so
can scale up to millions of rows of data,
even if you don't have that
much memory in your machine.
And we'll see lots of examples of that.
And that data search with SFrame is
part of a package called GraphLab Create
that we'll also use in
this specialization.
So let's hear an example from IPython
notebook of how to use the SFrame.
So here's a IPython notebook, just
like we did with the previous example.
And I'm gonna call it,
Getting Started with SFrames.
And just to get a little
bit more space on my slide,
I'm going to hide that header and
hide the toolbar.
So now there's a little bit
more space in the slide.
Now to get those frames you have
to fire up GraphLab Create, and so
firing that up is pretty easy.
So I'm hitting ask+M here to get
a textbox just like a wiki page and
I'm going to fire up, oops,
that, I hit enter too quickly.
I'm going, let me just edit that again.
It does not wanna let me edit it.
There, fire up GraphLab Create.
So every time we wanna start
GraphLab Create, all we have to do.
After we start, is type import graphlab.
And now we have all the tools of
GraphLab Create available for us,
including the SFrame, and any algorithms
that we'll use throughout this course.
So, the first thing that I'm going
to do is load some data from disk.
So, I'm going to #Load a tabular data set.
So, loading a tabular data set
as an SFrame is pretty simple.
The data set can be in
many different formats.
What we're gonna use is what's
called a CSV format in this example,
which is just a comma separated file.
And that file is in my current directory.
And actually,
I'm gonna create a variable in SFrame and
just call it sf for this example.
All I have to do is graphlab.SFrame and
give it a target directory,
or file and it will load it.
So in this case, my file is gonna
be called people-example.csv.
And here we go.
So it prints a few things saying that
it parsed and it parsed it correctly.
And now we have it.
So let's do some SFrame basics.
So let's start with some #SFrame basics.
So some SFrame basics here,
if you just type sf,
enter, in this case shift+enter,
because when they are IPython notebook
it just shows you the first
few lines of that table.
So, in this case I'm going
to put a comment here,#we
can view first few lines of the table.
So, here we go.
This is a very simple table.
Actually, I'm seeing all the lines.
It says the first name Bob,
last name Smith, who lives in
the United States, has age 24.
And we have this for several people.
By the way, there's two ways to
access the first few lines in file.
You can do, type sf, you can also type
sf.head to show the first few lines.
And again, it's a small data
set we're playing with so far.
But there's another command
called sf.tail that
shows the last few lines of the data set.
Which again, this is a small data set.
So first few lines,
last few lines, all of the lines.
[MUSIC]